I am in downtown Philly my aunt is in
town and so I'm driving down here and I
just thought maybe I'll take a video
what's going on up there hi interesting
very rocky road this is my delicious
noodle salad and it's made out of
zucchini noodles and these it's so
beautiful because I picked these
mulberries from a tree right down the
street and I was lots of fun it's great
to pick my food and then just eat it
super tasty
is wrong
like to travel in an RV this big cameras
big time surely not appropriate get all
these people the whole northeast
I only had it now I can't just go sleep
but instead I must wait
a really comfortable space
became obsessed with heart
friend of Mines mom mentioned to it me a
while ago here's their brochure she
mentioned it to me a while ago and I
mean a long time ago he passed away oh
here it is and oh my gosh they're huge
and they're hot and I just have always
kind of kept in the back of my head and
then I tried it finally because it was
her favorite and since just fallen in
love with it all right I think I've done
a video of this already about how I
devised a plan for my cat to go outside
he's asking for it right now can't do
this with folding okay I know we're
trying we're trying as best we can okay
so all right so we have the harness on
him and now he's laying down yeah okay
I'm really congested today I'm not quite
sure what happened but a lot of times
whether does that oh this is my favorite
part of the morning Wow because of
warning i love mornings but we have a
little rabbit pet it comes around or
he's a friend early and every night I
put stuff out for him and so you can see
he came last night and he ate some apple
and then he ate half of a cat this is
mississauga room so the bunny bunny
didn't like kale the bunny didn't like
cucumber and the buddy didn't like
lettuce she's kind of strange I thought
they'd like that but he liked he likes
to fruit can I say he's a smart funny
okay